RELATIONSHIP WITH FOX NEWS HAS
RELATIONSHIP WITH FOX NEWS HAS BECOME SO NORMALIZED THAT WE
BECOME SO NORMALIZED THAT WE HARDLY BAT AN EYELASH WHEN TRUMP
HARDLY BAT AN EYELASH WHEN TRUMP MIMICS SOMETHING HE HEARS ON
MIMICS SOMETHING HE HEARS ON "FOX &amp; TRINDSFRIENDS" WITH MORE
"FOX &amp; TRINDSFRIENDS" WITH MORE THAN ANYTHING HE HEARS IN AN
THAN ANYTHING HE HEARS IN AN INTEL MEETING.
INTEL MEETING. BUT WHO’S RUNNING THE WARD, IT
BUT WHO’S RUNNING THE WARD, IT SEEMS LIKE A MEDIA-RUN STATE.
SEEMS LIKE A MEDIA-RUN STATE. NOW THIS, THE EXTENSIVE REPORTER
NOW THIS, THE EXTENSIVE REPORTER FROM JAY MAYER FROM "THE NEW
FROM JAY MAYER FROM "THE NEW YORKER" PROVIDES AN ANSWER --
YORKER" PROVIDES AN ANSWER -- THE PIECE SHINES NEW LIGHT ON
THE PIECE SHINES NEW LIGHT ON PREVIOUSLY UNKNOWN PRODUCTS OF
PREVIOUSLY UNKNOWN PRODUCTS OF THE TRUMP/FOX RELATIONSHIP.
THE TRUMP/FOX RELATIONSHIP. FOR STARTERS, A FOX DIGITAL
FOR STARTERS, A FOX DIGITAL REPORTER UNCOVERED PROOF OF THE
REPORTER UNCOVERED PROOF OF THE STORMY DANIELS RELATIONSHIP AND
STORMY DANIELS RELATIONSHIP AND ENSUING AGREEMENT WITH TRUMP.
ENSUING AGREEMENT WITH TRUMP. BUT, QUOTE, AFTER GETTING ONE
BUT, QUOTE, AFTER GETTING ONE NONCOMMITTAL ANSWER FROM HER
NONCOMMITTAL ANSWER FROM HER EDITORS, THE LAST SHE HEARD FROM
EDITORS, THE LAST SHE HEARD FROM FOX NEWS, GOOD REPORTING, KIDDO
FOX NEWS, GOOD REPORTING, KIDDO BUT RUPERT WANTS TRUMP TO WIN SO
BUT RUPERT WANTS TRUMP TO WIN SO JUST LET IT GO.
JUST LET IT GO. THE PIECE ALSO DESCRIBES THROUGH
THE PIECE ALSO DESCRIBES THROUGH SEVERAL SOURCES TWO INSTANCES
SEVERAL SOURCES TWO INSTANCES WHERE TRUMP WAS GIVEN ADVANCE
WHERE TRUMP WAS GIVEN ADVANCE NOTICE OF DEBATE QUESTIONS, AND
NOTICE OF DEBATE QUESTIONS, AND ESPECIALLY EYE-POPPING PIECE OF
ESPECIALLY EYE-POPPING PIECE OF REPORTING CONSIDERING HOW ANGRY
REPORTING CONSIDERING HOW ANGRY TRUMP WAS BY A SIMILAR SITUATION
TRUMP WAS BY A SIMILAR SITUATION HAVING TO DO WITH HILLARY
HAVING TO DO WITH HILLARY CLINTON.
CLINTON. FINALLY PERHAPS MOST
FINALLY PERHAPS MOST IMPORTANTLY, THE PEACE DETAILS
IMPORTANTLY, THE PEACE DETAILS OF PREVIOUSLY UNKNOWN ATTEMPTS
OF PREVIOUSLY UNKNOWN ATTEMPTS BY DONALD TRUMP HIMSELF TO PUT
BY DONALD TRUMP HIMSELF TO PUT PRESSURE ON THE JUSTICE
PRESSURE ON THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT TO INTERVENE IN THE
DEPARTMENT TO INTERVENE IN THE MERGER OF AT&amp;T AND TIME WARNER,
MERGER OF AT&amp;T AND TIME WARNER, A MOVE SEEN BY SOME AS
A MOVE SEEN BY SOME AS RETALIATION AGAINST THE COMPANY
RETALIATION AGAINST THE COMPANY THAT OWNS CNN, BLOCKING THE
THAT OWNS CNN, BLOCKING THE DEAL, BUT ALSO WOULD BE GOOD FOR
DEAL, BUT ALSO WOULD BE GOOD FOR FOX.
FOX. JOINING JONATHAN AND DOUG HERE
JOINING JONATHAN AND DOUG HERE ON SET, THE SIRIUS XM DIRECTOR
ON SET, THE SIRIUS XM DIRECTOR OF PROGRAMMER AND JEREMY IS
OF PROGRAMMER AND JEREMY IS STILL HERE AS WELL.
STILL HERE AS WELL. THIS WAS REPORTED ON AT THE TIME
THIS WAS REPORTED ON AT THE TIME AND FOLLOWED YOU AND GEORGE
AND FOLLOWED YOU AND GEORGE CONNELLY AND OTHERS ON TWITTER
CONNELLY AND OTHERS ON TWITTER WHO THOUGHT THE SINGLE ACT IN
WHO THOUGHT THE SINGLE ACT IN NORMAL TIMES WOULD BE A
NORMAL TIMES WOULD BE A FULL-BLOWN SCANDAL.
FULL-BLOWN SCANDAL. >> I ACTUALLY IT’S IT’S ONE OF
>> I ACTUALLY IT’S IT’S ONE OF THE BIGGEST, ALMOST PROVABLE
THE BIGGEST, ALMOST PROVABLE SCANDALS, OF THE TRUMP
SCANDALS, OF THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION.
ADMINISTRATION. THE PRESIDENT SEEMS TO HAVE
THE PRESIDENT SEEMS TO HAVE CLEARLY INTERVENED TO GET HIS
CLEARLY INTERVENED TO GET HIS JUSTICE DEPARTMENT AND HIS TOP
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT AND HIS TOP ANTITRUST OFFICIAL TO REVERSE AN
ANTITRUST OFFICIAL TO REVERSE AN EARLIER JUDGMENT AND BLOCK THE
EARLIER JUDGMENT AND BLOCK THE MERGER OF THESE TWO BEHEMOTHS.
MERGER OF THESE TWO BEHEMOTHS. I SPOKE TO THE CEO OF AT&amp;T AT
I SPOKE TO THE CEO OF AT&amp;T AT THE TIME.
THE TIME. HE HIMSELF WAS SO OUTRAGED THAT
HE HIMSELF WAS SO OUTRAGED THAT HE GAVE ME A PRETTY POWERFUL
HE GAVE ME A PRETTY POWERFUL ON-THE-RECORD INTERVIEW TALKING
ON-THE-RECORD INTERVIEW TALKING ABOUT A VERY PECULIAR TIME LINE.
ABOUT A VERY PECULIAR TIME LINE. A DISTRICT JUDGE THAN PROMPTLY
A DISTRICT JUDGE THAN PROMPTLY REVERSED THE JUSTICE
REVERSED THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT’S DECISION TO BLOCK
DEPARTMENT’S DECISION TO BLOCK THE MERGER, AND THE APPELLATE
THE MERGER, AND THE APPELLATE COURT JUST AFFIRMED THE DISTRICT
COURT JUST AFFIRMED THE DISTRICT JUDGE.
JUDGE. LOOK, THE POINT HERE IS THE
LOOK, THE POINT HERE IS THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES APPEARS TO HAVE SUE BORNED HIS
APPEARS TO HAVE SUE BORNED HIS JUSTICE DEPARTMENT IN ORDER TO
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT IN ORDER TO PURSUE A POLITICAL VENDETTA
PURSUE A POLITICAL VENDETTA AGAINST A MEDIA ENTITY CNN.
AGAINST A MEDIA ENTITY CNN. AND TO USE ALL OF THE ENGINES OF
AND TO USE ALL OF THE ENGINES OF GOVERNMENT IN ORDER TO DO THAT.
GOVERNMENT IN ORDER TO DO THAT. AND THEN I WOULD JUST PUT IT TO
AND THEN I WOULD JUST PUT IT TO EVERYONE WATCHING THE SHOW WHO
EVERYONE WATCHING THE SHOW WHO SUPPORTS TRUMP, IF OBAMA OR A
SUPPORTS TRUMP, IF OBAMA OR A PRESIDENT CLINTON HAD DONE IT,
PRESIDENT CLINTON HAD DONE IT, WOULD YOU NOT CALL THAT
WOULD YOU NOT CALL THAT IMPEACHABLE?
IMPEACHABLE? >> THERE ARE CLOSETED VIEWERS OF
>> THERE ARE CLOSETED VIEWERS OF TRUMP SUPPORTERS WHO WATCH, I
TRUMP SUPPORTERS WHO WATCH, I KNOW A FEW.
KNOW A FEW. JEREMY BASH, LET ME GET YOU ON
JEREMY BASH, LET ME GET YOU ON THE RECORD.
THE RECORD. IT SEEMS LIKE THIS IS WHERE
IT SEEMS LIKE THIS IS WHERE TRUMP BENEFITS FROM THE VOLUME
TRUMP BENEFITS FROM THE VOLUME BENEFITS OF SCANDALS HE DOES BUT
BENEFITS OF SCANDALS HE DOES BUT THIS PIECE HAS VERY CAREFUL
THIS PIECE HAS VERY CAREFUL REPORTING IN HERE ABOUT GARY
REPORTING IN HERE ABOUT GARY COHEN AND THE DETAILED
COHEN AND THE DETAILED CONVERSATION BETWEEN GARY COHEN
CONVERSATION BETWEEN GARY COHEN AND WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF
AND WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF JOHN KELLY.
JOHN KELLY. WE DON’T HEAR JOHN KELLY’S SIDE
WE DON’T HEAR JOHN KELLY’S SIDE OF THE STORY IN HER REPORTING
OF THE STORY IN HER REPORTING BUT WE HEAR GARY COHEN SAYING
BUT WE HEAR GARY COHEN SAYING VERY CLEARLY, SOMEONE WHO CARES
VERY CLEARLY, SOMEONE WHO CARES ABOUT HIS REPUTATION ON WALL
ABOUT HIS REPUTATION ON WALL STREET AND POLITE SOCIETY, I’M
STREET AND POLITE SOCIETY, I’M PARAPHRASING, BUT THIS IS SOME
PARAPHRASING, BUT THIS IS SOME SORT OF RED LINE.
SORT OF RED LINE. THIS IS NOT HOW WE DO BUSINESS.
THIS IS NOT HOW WE DO BUSINESS. WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THESE SORT
WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THESE SORT OF EMERGING GLIMPSES OF THE
OF EMERGING GLIMPSES OF THE EFFORTS BY HUMAN GUARDRAILS TO
EFFORTS BY HUMAN GUARDRAILS TO STOP DONALD TRUMP FROM DOING
STOP DONALD TRUMP FROM DOING THINGS BEYOND NORM-BUSTING BUT
THINGS BEYOND NORM-BUSTING BUT IMPEACHABLE OR ILLEGAL OR HIGHLY
IMPEACHABLE OR ILLEGAL OR HIGHLY UNETHICAL OR WHATEVER TERM YOU
UNETHICAL OR WHATEVER TERM YOU WANT TO USE?
WANT TO USE? >> HERE I THINK WE SEE ANOTHER
>> HERE I THINK WE SEE ANOTHER EXAMPLE OF ONE OF THE
EXAMPLE OF ONE OF THE PROFESSIONALS SIGNED THE WHITE
PROFESSIONALS SIGNED THE WHITE HOUSE, GARY KEEN, WHO LED
HOUSE, GARY KEEN, WHO LED GOLDMAN SACHS.
GOLDMAN SACHS. I THINK IT’S FAIR TO SAY IS KIND
I THINK IT’S FAIR TO SAY IS KIND OF AN INSTITUTIONALIST.
OF AN INSTITUTIONALIST. HE’S SAYING NO, MR. PRESIDENT,
HE’S SAYING NO, MR. PRESIDENT, WE CAN’T INTERVENE IN AN
WE CAN’T INTERVENE IN AN ANTITRUST MATTER BEING RUN BY
ANTITRUST MATTER BEING RUN BY THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE ANYONE
THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE ANYONE THAN A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR’S
THAN A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR’S INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. THAT SEEMED TO BE ECHOED BY JOHN
THAT SEEMED TO BE ECHOED BY JOHN KELLY BUT TO NO AVAIL.
KELLY BUT TO NO AVAIL. THE PRESIDENT FORCED THEM TO GET
THE PRESIDENT FORCED THEM TO GET THE WHITE HOUSE INVOLVED, GET
THE WHITE HOUSE INVOLVED, GET INVOLVED IN THE JUSTICE
INVOLVED IN THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT’S EFFORTS AND YOU’VE
DEPARTMENT’S EFFORTS AND YOU’VE GOT THE PRESIDENT BASICALLY
GOT THE PRESIDENT BASICALLY OVERRIDING THE WORD AND ADVISE
OVERRIDING THE WORD AND ADVISE OF AIDES WHO ARE LOYAL TO THE
OF AIDES WHO ARE LOYAL TO THE INSTITUTION AND THE PRESIDENT
INSTITUTION AND THE PRESIDENT SAYING, I DON’T CARE, I WANT
SAYING, I DON’T CARE, I WANT EVERYONE LOYAL TO ME.
EVERYONE LOYAL TO ME. I THINK YOU CAN EXPECT TO SEE A
I THINK YOU CAN EXPECT TO SEE A LOT MORE OF THIS, NICOLLE, AS
LOT MORE OF THIS, NICOLLE, AS MORE OVERSIGHT SHINES LIGHT ON
MORE OVERSIGHT SHINES LIGHT ON THE WAY THE PRESIDENT HAS BEEN
THE WAY THE PRESIDENT HAS BEEN INVOLVING HIMSELF IN THIS
INVOLVING HIMSELF IN THIS SUPPOSED INDEPENDENT ACTIONS OF
SUPPOSED INDEPENDENT ACTIONS OF OUR GOVERNMENT.
OUR GOVERNMENT. >> AND YOU DON’T NEED A
>> AND YOU DON’T NEED A DEMOCRATIC LAWMAKER OR A LEFT
DEMOCRATIC LAWMAKER OR A LEFT LEANING INDIVIDUAL TO SUGGEST
LEANING INDIVIDUAL TO SUGGEST THAT THIS IS AS GRAVE AS BRETT
THAT THIS IS AS GRAVE AS BRETT AND JEREMY SAY IT IS.
AND JEREMY SAY IT IS. GEORGE CONWAY, KELLYANNE
GEORGE CONWAY, KELLYANNE CONWAY’S HUSBAND, SAID THIS
CONWAY’S HUSBAND, SAID THIS TODAY ON TWITTER -- IF PROVEN
TODAY ON TWITTER -- IF PROVEN SUCH AN ATTEMPT TO USE
SUCH AN ATTEMPT TO USE PRESIDENTIAL AUTHORITY TO SECRET
PRESIDENTIAL AUTHORITY TO SECRET TRAA BUGS FOR THE EXERCISE OF
TRAA BUGS FOR THE EXERCISE OF FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHTS WOULD
FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHTS WOULD UNQUESTIONABLY BE GROUNDS FOR
UNQUESTIONABLY BE GROUNDS FOR IMPEACHMENT.
IMPEACHMENT. >> GEORGE CONNELLY, OF COURSE,
>> GEORGE CONNELLY, OF COURSE, IS A NOTED AND VOCAL CRITIC OF
IS A NOTED AND VOCAL CRITIC OF THE PRESIDENT, UNLIKE HIS WIFE,
THE PRESIDENT, UNLIKE HIS WIFE, WHO STILL WORKS IN THE WEST
WHO STILL WORKS IN THE WEST WING.
WING. AND AS A FOLLOWUP, GARY COHEN IS
AND AS A FOLLOWUP, GARY COHEN IS PROBABLY THE ONLY SENIOR
PROBABLY THE ONLY SENIOR OFFICIAL TO LEAVE ON PRINCIPLES,
OFFICIAL TO LEAVE ON PRINCIPLES, NOT BECAUSE HE WAS FORCED OUT.
NOT BECAUSE HE WAS FORCED OUT. THERE’S NO QUESTION THIS IS A
THERE’S NO QUESTION THIS IS A SERIOUS MATTER AND OLD FRIEND
SERIOUS MATTER AND OLD FRIEND WHO SAID IT WOULD BE THE STORY.
WHO SAID IT WOULD BE THE STORY. HERE AN HOUR OR TWO, DAY OR TWO.
HERE AN HOUR OR TWO, DAY OR TWO. IT SHOULDN’T BE.
IT SHOULDN’T BE. LIGHT SHOULD BE SHOWN ON IT.
LIGHT SHOULD BE SHOWN ON IT. >> THE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE --
>> THE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE -- >> THAT IS THE GAME-CHANGER, UP
>> THAT IS THE GAME-CHANGER, UP UNTIL THIS MOMENT WITH THE
UNTIL THIS MOMENT WITH THE DEMOCRATS IN CHARGE, THIS WOULD
DEMOCRATS IN CHARGE, THIS WOULD HAVE BEEN A BAD STORY FOR A
HAVE BEEN A BAD STORY FOR A COUPLE OF DAYS AND GONE AWAY.
COUPLE OF DAYS AND GONE AWAY. NOW THERE’S A ABILITY TO BE
NOW THERE’S A ABILITY TO BE PURSUED, THE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE
PURSUED, THE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE CAN GO AFTER THIS, SUBPOENA
CAN GO AFTER THIS, SUBPOENA DOCUMENTS INVOLVED, TALK TO
DOCUMENTS INVOLVED, TALK TO WITNESSES AND MAKE SOMETHING
WITNESSES AND MAKE SOMETHING MORE OF IT.
MORE OF IT. THAT WILL BE THE TEST TO WHAT WE
THAT WILL BE THE TEST TO WHAT WE WERE JUST SAYING, TO THIS POINT
WERE JUST SAYING, TO THIS POINT THE PRESIDENT HAS BEEN ABLE TO
THE PRESIDENT HAS BEEN ABLE TO SHAKE OFF SCANDAL AFTER SCANDAL,
SHAKE OFF SCANDAL AFTER SCANDAL, IMPACT POLL NUMBERS AND
IMPACT POLL NUMBERS AND JUDGMENTS, BUT THAT COULD CHANGE
JUDGMENTS, BUT THAT COULD CHANGE NOW.
NOW. SOME OF STUFF COULD STICK TO
SOME OF STUFF COULD STICK TO HIP.
HIP. HE NO LONGER HAS THE ALLIES ON
HE NO LONGER HAS THE ALLIES ON THE HILL TO MAKE THE STUFF GO
THE HILL TO MAKE THE STUFF GO AWAY.
AWAY. >> I WANT TO GET TO DEVELOPMENTS
>> I WANT TO GET TO DEVELOPMENTS BECAUSE THIS DOES SEEM LIKE THE
BECAUSE THIS DOES SEEM LIKE THE KIND OF THING EVEN IF YOU FLY
KIND OF THING EVEN IF YOU FLY UNDER THE RADAR, THIS IS
UNDER THE RADAR, THIS IS ABSOLUTELY WORTHY OF
ABSOLUTELY WORTHY OF INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. SHE’S GOT REPORTING A COMMITTEE
SHE’S GOT REPORTING A COMMITTEE COULD CORROBORATE IN CLOSED OR
COULD CORROBORATE IN CLOSED OR OPEN SESSION WITH TWO SENIOR
OPEN SESSION WITH TWO SENIOR ADVISERS TO THE PRESIDENT AND IT
ADVISERS TO THE PRESIDENT AND IT IS ALL OF THE THINGS THAT BRAD
IS ALL OF THE THINGS THAT BRAD AND JONATHAN AND JEREMY SAY IT
AND JONATHAN AND JEREMY SAY IT IS.
IS. IT SEEMS LIKE A SCANDAL RIPE FOR
IT SEEMS LIKE A SCANDAL RIPE FOR SOME SORT OF CORRECTION, SOME
SOME SORT OF CORRECTION, SOME SORT OF CLEANING OUT OF THE
SORT OF CLEANING OUT OF THE CORRUPTION TRUMP TRIED TO IMPART
CORRUPTION TRUMP TRIED TO IMPART ON THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT.
ON THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT. >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. IT’S A WONDERFUL MOMENT TO BE IN
IT’S A WONDERFUL MOMENT TO BE IN MOST 2018 MIDTERMS WHERE AS
MOST 2018 MIDTERMS WHERE AS JONATHAN SAID, WE CAN NOW
JONATHAN SAID, WE CAN NOW ACTUALLY DO SOMETHING ABOUT
ACTUALLY DO SOMETHING ABOUT THESE ALLEGATIONS THAT SEEM TO
THESE ALLEGATIONS THAT SEEM TO DISTURBING IN TERMS OF ABUSES OF
DISTURBING IN TERMS OF ABUSES OF POWER FROM HIS POSITION AS
POWER FROM HIS POSITION AS PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. BUT THE FOX NEWS THING, I WAS ON
BUT THE FOX NEWS THING, I WAS ON WITH GABE SHERMAN YESTERDAY,
WITH GABE SHERMAN YESTERDAY, OBVIOUSLY HE’S DONE SO MUCH
OBVIOUSLY HE’S DONE SO MUCH GREAT REPORTING IN TERMS OF FOX
GREAT REPORTING IN TERMS OF FOX NEWS AND ROGER AILES, AND HE
NEWS AND ROGER AILES, AND HE SAID SOMETHING THAT STUCK WITH
SAID SOMETHING THAT STUCK WITH ME, HE SAID POST WATERGATE,
ME, HE SAID POST WATERGATE, ROGER AILES’ ENTIRE CONCEPT OF
ROGER AILES’ ENTIRE CONCEPT OF FOX NEWS WAS TO PREVENT THAT
FOX NEWS WAS TO PREVENT THAT FROM HAPPENING AGAIN.
FROM HAPPENING AGAIN. NOW WE’RE WATCHING DONALD TRUMP
NOW WE’RE WATCHING DONALD TRUMP HAVE SCANDAL AFTER SCANDAL AFTER
HAVE SCANDAL AFTER SCANDAL AFTER SCANDAL, EXCEPT YOU HAVE A RIGHT
SCANDAL, EXCEPT YOU HAVE A RIGHT WING ECHO CHAMBER WHICH CANNOT
WING ECHO CHAMBER WHICH CANNOT BE PIERCED IN ORDER TO GIVE
BE PIERCED IN ORDER TO GIVE FACTS TO THE PEOPLE WHO
FACTS TO THE PEOPLE WHO ESSENTIALLY -- WHO MAY CHANGE
ESSENTIALLY -- WHO MAY CHANGE THEIR MINDS IF THEY HEARD SOME
THEIR MINDS IF THEY HEARD SOME OF THE DETAIL AROUND SOME OF
OF THE DETAIL AROUND SOME OF THESE SCANDALS.
THESE SCANDALS. SO THE IDEA AND CONVERSATIONS WE
SO THE IDEA AND CONVERSATIONS WE KEEP HAVING ABOUT LIKE WHAT’S
KEEP HAVING ABOUT LIKE WHAT’S GOING TO MATTER?
GOING TO MATTER? ARE WE EVER GOING TO HIT BOTTOM?
ARE WE EVER GOING TO HIT BOTTOM? I THINK FINALLY NOW WE WILL
I THINK FINALLY NOW WE WILL BECAUSE WE HAVE AN ALTERNATIVE
BECAUSE WE HAVE AN ALTERNATIVE TO THE FOX NEWS PLATFORM.
TO THE FOX NEWS PLATFORM. WE NOW HAVE CONGRESSIONAL
WE NOW HAVE CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS WHICH WILL ALSO PLAY ON
HEARINGS WHICH WILL ALSO PLAY ON FOX NEWS, WHERE SOME OF THAT
FOX NEWS, WHERE SOME OF THAT TRUTH WILL AT LEAST GET TO SOME
TRUTH WILL AT LEAST GET TO SOME OF THEIR AUDIENCE.
OF THEIR AUDIENCE. >> BUT I WOULD ADD JUST
>> BUT I WOULD ADD JUST CONSERVATIVES, THOUGH THE FEW
CONSERVATIVES, THOUGH THE FEW WHO SINCERE CONSERVATIVES WHO
WHO SINCERE CONSERVATIVES WHO REMAIN, REALLY OUGHT TO BE
REMAIN, REALLY OUGHT TO BE OUTRAGED.
OUTRAGED. THIS WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A
THIS WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A PRO-BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION.
PRO-BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION. HERE YOU’VE GOT TWO COMPANIES
HERE YOU’VE GOT TWO COMPANIES TRYING TO COMPLETE WHAT’S CALLED
TRYING TO COMPLETE WHAT’S CALLED A VERTICAL MERGER, VERTICAL
A VERTICAL MERGER, VERTICAL MERGERS HAVE NOT BEEN CHALLENGED
MERGERS HAVE NOT BEEN CHALLENGED FOR A VERY LONG TIME.
FOR A VERY LONG TIME. THEY’RE NOT SEEN AS
THEY’RE NOT SEEN AS ANTI-COMPETITIVE, AND THE ONLY
ANTI-COMPETITIVE, AND THE ONLY REASON WHY THIS IS BLOCKED IS
REASON WHY THIS IS BLOCKED IS BECAUSE A PARTISAN PRESIDENT HAS
BECAUSE A PARTISAN PRESIDENT HAS PERSONAL PIQUE AGAINST A PRIVATE
PERSONAL PIQUE AGAINST A PRIVATE BUSINESS AND IF CONSERVATIVES
BUSINESS AND IF CONSERVATIVES DON’T -- WOULDN’T LIKE DEMOCRATS
DON’T -- WOULDN’T LIKE DEMOCRATS BEHAVING THAT WAY AGAINST
BEHAVING THAT WAY AGAINST BUSINESS, THEY SHOULD ESPECIALLY
BUSINESS, THEY SHOULD ESPECIALLY NOT LIKE REPUBLICANS DOING SO.
NOT LIKE REPUBLICANS DOING SO. >> I WANT TO PUT UP ONE THING
>> I WANT TO PUT UP ONE THING FOR YOU AND GIVE YOU THE LAST
FOR YOU AND GIVE YOU THE LAST WORD.
WORD. THIS IS THE LIST OF PEOPLE FROM
THIS IS THE LIST OF PEOPLE FROM FOX NEWS WHO FOUND THEIR WAY
FOX NEWS WHO FOUND THEIR WAY INTO THE ADMINISTRATION, BILL
INTO THE ADMINISTRATION, BILL SHINE, COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR,
SHINE, COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR, I STILL BEING PAID OUT BY FOX
I STILL BEING PAID OUT BY FOX NEWS, BEN CARSON WAS A
NEWS, BEN CARSON WAS A CONTRIBUTOR, MERCEDES SHLAP,
CONTRIBUTOR, MERCEDES SHLAP, HEATHER NAUERT IS AT THE STATE
HEATHER NAUERT IS AT THE STATE DEPARTMENT AND NOMINEE TO BE
DEPARTMENT AND NOMINEE TO BE U.N. REPRESENTATIVE, JOHN BOLTON
U.N. REPRESENTATIVE, JOHN BOLTON WAS AT FOX NEWS, SCARAMUCCI,
WAS AT FOX NEWS, SCARAMUCCI, McFARLAND, SEBASTIAN, GOEHRKIA,
McFARLAND, SEBASTIAN, GOEHRKIA, FILL IN THE BLANK, I READ HE
FILL IN THE BLANK, I READ HE DOESN’T WORK THERE ANYMORE.
DOESN’T WORK THERE ANYMORE. THIS IS EXTRAORDINARY.
THIS IS EXTRAORDINARY. >> YEAH, I USED TO THINK THAT
>> YEAH, I USED TO THINK THAT FOX NEWS WAS THE ARM OF THE
FOX NEWS WAS THE ARM OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.
REPUBLICAN PARTY. NOW I THINK THE WHITE HOUSE IS A
NOW I THINK THE WHITE HOUSE IS A FARM OF FOX NEWS.
FARM OF FOX NEWS. AND YOU KNOW THE WHITE HOUSE IS
AND YOU KNOW THE WHITE HOUSE IS STAFFING UP WITH PEOPLE WHO WERE
STAFFING UP WITH PEOPLE WHO WERE EITHER CONTRIBUTORS OR RAN THE
EITHER CONTRIBUTORS OR RAN THE NETWORK, BILL SHINE RAN THAT
NETWORK, BILL SHINE RAN THAT NETWORK.
NETWORK. AND IT’S PAYING OFF FOR THE
AND IT’S PAYING OFF FOR THE PRESIDENT RIGHT NOW AND IT’S
PRESIDENT RIGHT NOW AND IT’S PAYING OFF FOR FOX NEWS WITH
PAYING OFF FOR FOX NEWS WITH RATINGS, BUT I THINK THAT THE --
RATINGS, BUT I THINK THAT THE -- I THINK AS WE GET INTO A 2020
I THINK AS WE GET INTO A 2020 ELECTION, I THINK IT’S GOING TO
ELECTION, I THINK IT’S GOING TO BE A VERY DIFFICULT SPOT FOR
BE A VERY DIFFICULT SPOT FOR FOX, ESPECIALLY POST ELECTION,
FOX, ESPECIALLY POST ELECTION, IF THEY ARE STILL TIED TO THIS
IF THEY ARE STILL TIED TO THIS MAN AND WE’RE SEEING WHATEVER
MAN AND WE’RE SEEING WHATEVER MAY HAPPEN WITH MUELLER OR WHAT
MAY HAPPEN WITH MUELLER OR WHAT MAY HAPPEN WITH THESE
MAY HAPPEN WITH THESE INVESTIGATIONS, IF HE’S SUCH A
INVESTIGATIONS, IF HE’S SUCH A DAMAGED PERSON EITHER HEADING
DAMAGED PERSON EITHER HEADING INTO THE ELECTION OR IF HE EVEN
INTO THE ELECTION OR IF HE EVEN DOESN’T MAKE IT TO THE ELECTION,
DOESN’T MAKE IT TO THE ELECTION, WHERE DOES FOX NEWS GO FROM
WHERE DOES FOX NEWS GO FROM THERE?
THERE? I DON’T REALLY KNOW WHAT --
I DON’T REALLY KNOW WHAT -- >> THAT’S A CONVERSATION WE’LL
>> THAT’S A CONVERSATION WE’LL PICK UP BUT I THINK THE BIGGEST
PICK UP BUT I THINK THE BIGGEST PROBLEM IS FOX NEWS NOW STANDS